this is
unbelievable we have here an Allstar
panel in my mind this is if we had the
mark andreon in the world in 1995
talking about the internet these four
have built some of the most widely used
AI features in production right now and
we're going to hear the real stories
behind them what we're going to do is
the first half each person's just going
to tell the story of the biggest AI
feature of their company and then we're
going to discuss as a group the critical
Lessons Learned y'all
ready yeah we're starting with Mario who
is the CPO at GitHub and personally
helped build co-pilot to where it is
today co-pilot has 1.8 million paying
users from 77,000 companies it is the
most used AI Dev tool in production
today and you're going to hear the story
thank you how are you doing
today there you go
so today want to talk to you about
co-pilot it's interesting and Scott
shakon which is one of the co-founders
of GitHub recently posted GitHub won
back in 2008 because of two things one
is it was the right product at the right
time and it was good is where everything
was coming together where open source
was coming together and working in the
decentralized way and none of the
centralized Version Control Systems
could actually handle that and the
second thing that he listed of why
GitHub W was because the founders had
taste and that taste actually talked
about them being death Centric them
being developers and creating a tool for
them and that has been at the heart of
GitHub since day one it's this developer
love this Obsession about what do
developers need to be successful I have
been doing Dev tools for 20 plus years
now actually I'll probably retire doing
death tools I love doing that for a
living and making tools for all of you
if you think about it Humanity already
invented the fire and the wheels so
everything else we're going to be doing
from here on is going to be powered by
software so I get a lot of energy about
giving you all the best tools uh
possibly and that's what happened with
copilot at the very beginning if you
think about it like the first time that
I saw it was in 2021 this was before CH
GPT was a thing and we were just playing
with this model called codex and that
codex model was a technology it could do
really interesting things when it comes
to natural language but we didn't know
what to do with it and that that's
actually a challenge we face constantly
in this technology World which is you
got something cool you have a tech demo
how do you turn that into a product and
what we ended up doing was obsessing
about that developer experience we had
introduced ghost Tex we work out really
hard in making the latency be 100
milliseconds 150 milliseconds no matter
where you were in the world and then we
ended up doing a lot of prompt
engineering so if you are in the
audience and you're great up on prompt
engineering I want to talk to you and
how are you but like it's because it's a
real thing like it takes a lot to
actually do the past the right context
to these models and get the right answer
and that's how we are where we are today
is by generating value not through a
technology but a product and the story
of copilot is that is one of being in
the right place at the right time and
also having that taste and really being
a store of those developers and the
people using it so what is the future
then and for us the future looks a
little bit past the developer in this
case and I was recently in a podcast
where I was saying we need to be able to
reach a billion people and make them
software developers and you're not going
to be able to do that overall by being
professional developers so what I'm
really excited about the next generation
of compiler is transforming into this
product that your grandmother your child
or you yourselves even if you're not a
programmer can actually interact and
create something overall and if we're
able to do that I think we're going to
really accelerate Humanity forward so
thanks for that amazing next is Diego
Zach he's the VP of design at ramp which
is a financial Ops platform but probably
all of you have heard of ramp because
they're one of the fastest growing SAS
Platforms in history they reached 300
million of ARR in about three years um
25,000 businesses use ramp they and they
use AI to save those 25,000 businesses
about a billion dollars and 10 million
minutes and and just incredible what
they've built yeah thank thanks for
having me and and thank you all for
coming who who here is expensing this
trip yeah
amazing that's what we do we make that
super painless for everyone I use a lot
of AI for this we build software that
helps companies spend all non-payroll
spend goes through us so we serve the
finance function but we also sell the
employees right the people who are
spending to do the job so we see
ourselves as a really a company that
sits in the middle of that relationship
between finance and the rest of the
humans in the company and it's easy to
when you're submitting an expense report
it's easy to forget that Finance People
Are People Too and they're they just
want to help you do your job um so we
make their lives a lot easier and
hopefully make all of your lives uh
easier as well
um we've been using AI for from the
beginning and um it's really been at the
core but I I do want you know in all of
this AI stuff we we talk a lot about the
tech the AI itself and and I think for
us at least least AI is not the product
is the product and AI is one of the ways
in which we make people's lives easier
so the the main thing that that I try to
focus our practice around AI around is
does it feel like magic and Magic could
be achieved through AI like some really
complex thing but it's also sending it
an email at the right time to someone
there's putting the button in the right
place and having really tight uh piece
of copy that just makes
something super easy to understand
painless for someone so if it feels like
magic it's AI in my book in order to get
to that first we Roo in real user
problems we make that technology The
Experience disappear we ask not how can
we make the
experience better or slightly faster is
like how do we make it go away that's
really where AI shines where hey and and
I I'll show a couple of examples of that
um then finally um how do you opgrade at
the right altitude between hey the AI is
just being helpful providing a
suggestion saying hey you might be
missing some information to fully doing
something for me there's a a huge range
between you might want to book a flight
to go to saster to I just show up at the
airport and it's taken care for me
that last bit that I was talking about
that's where we're exploring at the
edges of what is possible with
technology so in order to do that we
hire just the best engineering Talent
people who are Builders people who are
curious and we make it low risk for them
to just play with AI and try
stuff so we have a range of things if
you're expensing uh dinner you just
spend on a ramp card we look at all the
data of the merchant the network the
company you're
spending we generate some memos possible
reasons for that expense you just reply
with number two and everything's done
that's it
so AI is not here like it's just doing
it in the background um and then you go
from the more obvious things to the much
more magical things so that expense was
categorized by the accounting team you
upload an invoice they're super hard to
read uh we transcribe the whole thing to
how much did we spend on marketing
uh and instead of just very confidently
like spitting out a number we produce
and manipulate the ramp UI so that you
can actually see the data and get to
that answer yourself and then like it's
like a first draft of a report or a a
spreadsheet and then we also have those
amazing Engineers who when paired with a
designer get to explore a lot of
experimental stuff so if you've ever had
to do a thing 50 times on your computer
by the time you've done the third one
third round you're like come on why
can't you just figure out that I'm going
to do this another 40 times so that's
what we built once you do something on
ramp a couple times we essentially
predict the next action and instead of
clicking around we just make it a
keyboard command and just hit enter and
just get through the
list and here's where like AI is not
always the solution the problem here is
not that it takes a lot of clicks to do
50 things is that we're making you do 50
things so what if we don't even that's
the actual solution don't make me do 50
things at once instead of trying to AI
suggest it but so big range let people
play and just pair them with designers
to figure out how to bring that Tech
into a real user problem and yeah
explore next is Dane connect he is the
SVP of emerging Technologies and
incubation at cloudflare Cloud flare is
one of the largest computing networks
but they it's a $3 billion company a
third of the Fortune 500 uses them it's
quickly become one of the leading AI
clouds where millions of developers are
deploying AI apps and Dan's only mistake
in his whole career was 10 years ago
hiring
me thanks Danny and thanks s for having
me so yeah a lot of you guys know what
cloud flare for sitting in front of a
large por of the internet and protecting
it from De off attacks
and helping make it faster um about uh
10 years ago we started actually opening
it up so that we want to baild make it
so that everybody could build
applications the way Cloud for build
them where we don't have to worry about
scale we don't have to worry about which
picking a region for where it's going to
run and uh really making it uh a cloud
where uh not just we can build our
internal applications but everyone here
can build those
applications um and in the past year uh
uh you know we continue to add
Primitives uh for how you can build
these fullsack applications uh We've
deployed things like database
uh storage uh and then uh uh most
recently we added uh GPU storage so you
can start to build AI enabled
applications uh so whatever you write in
uh where GitHub makes the GitHub copilot
makes it easy for you to uh write that
software and focus on building your
business logic and uh uh uh get your
applications out faster where we want to
be the place where you to deploy those
applications and we hide the
infrastructure the scaling challenges
that uh you might have so if your app
goes viral uh you won't have to worry
about uh it uh falling over uh when all
those users are finally there to see
what great things you
built um but when we started building uh
uh deploying adding the AI primitive we
were trying to figure out where's the
best place that people really want to
run Ai and uh the answer was a lot of
actual places based on the
circumstances if you have a really
powerful iPhone the best place is a
device uh but a lot of people don't have
those those powerful iPhones uh
uh a lot of uh places where you want to
run this stuff is not going to be there
so the next best place we figured was
going to be the edge and so that's why
we made the decision to deploy the gpus
to the edge uh and make it in built into
the workers platform or Sur platform
where uh you can uh quickly uh call any
of the open source models deoy your
models and run that workers's uh
inference right there at the edge or
fall back uh and use our AI Gateway we
need to route back to uh one of the
larger limbs like open AI uh to uh uh
ask some of the larger questions so your
app can handle all different types of uh
uh the AI workloads uh that you possibly
need so yeah in the past year we've
retrofitted our 300 cities 500 over 500
data centers with gpus over 170 of them
have them today and pushing out more
bigger faster inference every day and
really excited to see what you guys
build and really what what you said ramp
really resonated was AI become really
powerful when you're building into your
application not as a chat interface but
really as something that disappears and
uh becomes part of it and want to help
you guys do that amazing and lastly we
have Vincent Vander muin who is leading
AI efforts at figma hey everyone it's
going to be hard to close out this
amazing lineup but I'm going to try so
my time figma actually started outside
of figma as a fan so I was at a design
tool startup called diagram and we were
making these AI plugins for Sigma and
one day Dylan called and he was like do
you want to join and for me it was like
being invited to Santa's Workshop of
course like I want to be where the magic
happens so diagram decided to join figma
as of last year and now I get to build
these AI features at figma itself which
is truly a dream come
true last year we set about creating the
first AI features for figma and where do
you even start one of our first projects
that we did as a company in the AI space
was Jam Bots and this actually came out
of a hackathon and the idea was that you
can go to chat GPT and you can
brainstorm and you can riff but how do
we make it more fun can we make a widget
for our online warding tool fi Jam that
lets you interact with chat gbt and
other apis in a much more expressive VIs
ual collaborative way so we built this
widget that makes it a ton of fun to
interact with chat gbt and that was our
first Fay into Ai and it really made us
want more and made us very excited about
what we could do in this space so we
started there and then for the past year
we've been wondering we've been very
focused on building our first AI
features and creating this bundle for
more professional
designers so when we decided to set out
when when we made this bundle we really
wanted to focus
on on we really wanted to focus on
complimenting designers and not
replacing them so we asked ourselves
what are features that designers might
want so one of the features that we
focused on was AI search as designers we
lose designs all the time can we help
you find them faster using AI another
one was make prototype creating
prototypes takes a lot of work what if
he can get you 80% of the way using Ai
and then of course we've all had the
pain of naming our own layers what if AI
would just do that for us so this is our
AI bundle and there's many more features
and we're now excited to iterate on
these and when we think about our AI
features we really think about a few key
principles that we always try to adhere
to um Joo and like Ram we really try to
root as an existing user behaviors so we
try to ask
ourselves what problems are users
experiencing and this is even a problem
that AI needs to solve and then from
there we try to build these prototypes
and the key there is really frequent
iteration so we have an internal figma
build that we ship experiments to
constantly we also do internal research
we do external research because once you
have a prototype it still takes a ton of
time and a ton of living with the
prototype to get it right and then of
course AI is notorious for not having
the right level of quality so how do we
actually evaluate and make sure that
these AI features have enough have the
right quality to begin with so a big
focus is evales so we set for every
feature that we build we set up these
little tests where we have the expected
perfect outputs and we compare we then
compare that expected perfect output to
the AI outputs and we do that for every
change and only when the expected output
is close enough only when the AI output
is close close enough to the expected
output that's when we actually put these
features into the wild and that's how we
kind of combat these AI features
sometimes being
unreliable and then lastly we really
think that AI is a space that we should
all be involved in so it's a very
multidisciplinary efforts So I myself am
a product engineer but we also have
designers we have ml Engineers we have
researchers a ton of infr people and
together we one think that leads to
better ideas but we also think it truly
helps making these features great and
keeping them up as they scale so I'm
excited to chat about these topics today
so you've now met the incredible
panelist by way of introduction I'm
Danny I'm the CEO at Jam we help 135,000
people fix bugs faster some of the
largest companies in the world now use
Jam probably if you use the internet
today you've used a website bill with
Jam we're in the business of helping
people build and ship grade products and
here we have people who have built the
most widely used AI features in the
world I'm I'm so honored to get to
moderate this this panel and the way
that we came up with the questions is we
asked every single one of them what
questions are you dying to know from the
other panelists what are the Tactical
things that GitHub wants to learn from
figma and vice versa and so those are
the questions we have for you now are
you
ready so AI is changing really fast also
all of you work at companies that do
planning and so how do you do product
road map to be able to adapt do things
on the fly as things are possible
but also can have a road map meeting and
and be able to forecast what you're
going to work on this year this
quarter that's so I work in products so
this is something that I live and
breathe every day and what we try to do
at GitHub is this concept of strategic
road maps and in the Strategic road maps
you don't have what are we doing next
quarter what are we doing next month or
anything like that you have more what
are these bets that you're going to be
taking and what are is the question
you're trying to answer on those bets
that informs the next stepping stone of
it so it has this cone of what I would
say confidence of where you're going
that is always rooted then on the
strategy so what we try to do is say
okay this quarter it's going to look
like this and we're trying to learn X Y
and Z and based on what we learned from
this we're going to have this hypothesis
and the next quarter might look like X
and Y and Z and we try to plan out in a
strategic way more or less a year
knowing that anything that we actually
say four quarters from now is completely
untrue and if we actually are doing
really good and sticking to that then we
play the lotto probably very significant
amount of time so it that's more or less
the way that we give ourselves and even
with our customers we have a lot of
Enterprise customers as an example and
they one predictability but in AI you
cannot have predictability llms are not
predictable even on that so on that end
what we try to do is making sure that we
are aiing the right value in the product
through a strategy and then learning
constantly about it and then we revisit
we revisit that strategic road map in
what we call nprs of monthly product
reviews and sometimes it's every six
week it doesn't have to be every four
weeks overall and we try to ask the same
question okay what does the next quarter
look like and how can we what do we
learn and how can we affected and that's
how we try to stay more or less as
limble as a startup let's say but I
still have the scale that we have
today so uh clowner does a sort of
similar where the farther you go out the
less Fidelity you have we divide it into
three different groups where we have a
kind of a coric organization that really
focusing on what is what do we need to
ship to customers next quarter the
quarter after that what do sales need to
drive Revenue to reduce churn to make
the customers
happier and we call that incremental
innovation uh then we have a another
group my my my my team runs is uh the
second Horizon where we kind of really
focus on growing Tam and really trying
to uh do things that are about 12 18
months out uh we're uh focusing on what
are those kind of those next big
strategic pillars that we want to start
experimenting with investigating and
starting to gain a better understanding
of and then we even have a third Horizon
where the research research team which
really focuses
on not even with the idea of how you
productize something but really just
kind of more the fundamental technology
of for us how you build a better
internet
and a lot of the work over the past few
years has been in the AI
space in which that will help inform the
road map of the other two Horizons uh as
we go forward so you I think it's you
know you want to know where you're going
long term but you also uh want to Marine
agile and you know I think every four or
six weeks really if if you're not
reviewing the road map and really asking
yourself is is the next thing that we're
building the right thing uh you're
probably waiting too
long I I I I think one of the the things
where and I think you guys are coming
from the product World Vince and I
coming from the design world I think
designers are very comfortable doing 99
things finding 99 ways that something
does not work before something makes
sense so at least for us design being
such a core part of ramp we're very
comfortable not really knowing where
we're going to end up 18 months months
from now we do know what we want to do
in the next 3 months that's just
execution mode we don't actually know
exactly how that's going to work out but
we got that quarter
lockdown but understanding that we're
making two assumptions one it's okay not
to know exactly what shape that's going
to take and that's part of the like core
underlying assumption that we're going
to figure it out and that same kind of
optimism that's backed by people who
work really hard and are actually super
smart we apply the same thing to a
this thing doesn't really work today but
in two weeks there's another model and
it's m then so even if the latency is
like 800 milliseconds now we're probably
going to be able to get it to 100 within
the next four months so it's really
about focusing not so much on the things
that we cannot do but on the things that
we want to do and being highly
optimistic about what we can achieve
within that year rather than trying to
figure it out decide today with
limitations that we have today which in
the world of AI that it's like a
complete that just leads to complete
failure within
weeks yeah I think it's the same for us
one thing we like to do is at least
somewhat like skate towards where the
puck is headed so we try to and this is
hard but we try to somewhat predict okay
what do these AI models look like a few
years from now like it doesn't take a
genius right now to figure out that in a
few years these llms are going to
understand video so how might that
affect us our road map and what we want
to do but we also try to stay very fle
flexible so like at figma we has a lot
of hackathons and one of our big
hackathons is called maker week and when
maker week happens we go into that week
of hacking with the full expectation
that this might completely change our
road map and in fact right now like the
big project I'm working on and and that
I expect to work now work on for the
next year actually came out of a
hackathon like four weeks ago or
something so just show you like you
don't have to have these plans set in
stone they can change and give your um
employees like the opportunity to
actually come forward with these great
AI ideas yeah I think one thing I heard
across is also giving the people in
teams room to experiment uh I think it's
even more important uh in just the speed
of a the AI Technologies is moving today
where you get people uh your teams a
chance to actually um not right long
docks and uh s an ivory Tower and SA
this is what's going to happen but
actually go and say how how can I use
these and touch them use them feel them
and so making sure your teams have those
tools so that they actually can
experiment and in the time Dane what
does that look like in your team how do
you give people time to experiment like
tactically dayto
day I think early on we we really start
with very small teams where we give two
or three people that are passionate
about an idea just really the chance to
just go and build something improve
something out you know uh I love demos
so I love watching uh a team of a uh a
couple engineers and product people uh
designers go off and come back in a few
weeks with the the greatest possible in
to-end uh demo uh uh that they can do so
like actually proving out things uh from
the start to the finish uh and seeing
how fast they can do that and seeing
what they learn um and then really
investing behind that uh so you know
which kind of goes back to the
experimentation like you need to invest
in and and create a place where it's
okay to fail and because the failure
might be that not not it might not be a
failure of the idea it might be a
failure of the models just aren't there
yet and you need to wait for the
technology to catch
up um and but spe things are going it
will I think Vincent was talking about
evaluation in at GitHub we invest in
this thing we call Coffee which is ciler
offline evaluation and that's one area
that I have found to be a place that you
have to over invest in AI if you will if
you need to experiment cuz you could
experiment all day in Ai and not
accomplish anything without being able
to understand how Evils are going so for
us the way that we translate and we give
the ability and the autonomy to the
teams is saying anytime you experiment
you're doing offline Evol and move
quickly through that offline evolve
place because even if you get an offline
95 by the way usually that means the
product when it gets to Market it's a
really bad product at least in AI World
in my opinion so you're going to have to
then do online EVO to try to figure it
out is it gonna fail 50% of the time or
30% of the time or 20% of the time in
the user so that that's the way that we
encourage a little bit of that and we
also then have a giop next te that looks
at Verizon 3 items or Horizon three
items like Dan was saying as well so
that's a little bit how with do it what
does that look like in practice
the G or coffee the eval like you have a
team that's doing a test Suite or like
how do you implement this in an
organization
yeah it's not
that I would
say it's very analytical is what I'm
trying to say is you have this thing you
end up figuring out what are the test
cases that you need to go and run and
that you need to pick the right data so
you need people that are in applied
science that really understand that you
need need product and engineering to
understand okay how we going to actually
then create the evaluation to be able to
score on that so it's very similar to
benchmarking if you want to think about
I don't like benchmarks out there by the
way because you could game every single
one of them in my opinion but what I do
like about benchmarking is that it gives
you a view into a set of a scenarios
that then you could then figure out are
you getting better on those or not so I
think about offline Evol mainly as
benchmarks on are you going in the right
direction with your hypothesis or not
and you just run a lot of them just
recently I was reading a post by one of
the teams and what they were doing is
you know a lot of these models right now
can actually do function calling and you
know 40 can is really good at being able
to say okay I'm G to call this function
instead of this function but when you
have 30,000 functions say you could call
and that's a lot we don't have that many
but imagine that world then how do you
make then the model pick the right one
becomes a really interesting Challenge
and we were trying with can we create
agents in between with domain expertise
and then 40 can just go and pick the
right agent and then this agent figures
out to functions on it so you end up
running that through eval and try to
figure it out hey is the hypothesis or
not and you get back an answer usually
within two to three weeks on some of
those things and then you just move
forward from there what's so interesting
about what Mario's talking about is
testing in software solved problem of
know how to do it we can come up with a
list of edge cases we can run through
tests we even automate our test but with
AI it's not deterministic software it's
really hard to know is this ready to go
out to users does this meet our product
Quality Bar I'm curious if any of you
have any other good systems that you
recommend or use internally for when AI
is good enough to ship well so we yeah I
I wouldn't recommend this per se because
it's a lot of work but we uh build a lot
of our own eval systems and I think it's
important when you do EV valves that you
do your EV valves in a way that matches
your products so figma is a highly
visual tool so it wouldn't come to
anyone surprised that we do Visual
evales and that we also do our EV valves
inside of figma so for instance for our
search feature we would have the AI
search model just spit out all the
search results on the figma infinite
canvas and then we could go in with a
figma plugin to actually rate those
search results as good or bad and we
would do that every time we'd update our
search model so it's a really fun visual
figma likee way to inspect results and I
yeah and that's the benefit of building
your own EV vales you could EV tooling
you can really make it fit to your use
case and optimize what's important which
in our case is being able to zoom in on
the design and being able to see hey is
this actually a good result or does this
just look like a good result at the
service
level one thing
that one thing that all of us in this
room are trying to figure out for our
own products is how important is it to
be first to Market in AI versus sit back
watch the market see what works let
everyone else do R&D and then build it
as well and curious for the four of you
how do you think about that in your own
organization I strongly believe that you
have to put yourself out of a job every
18 months or someone else will do it for
you so that is the philosophy of RAB
it's all about velocity it's about
getting there first and second and third
and fourth and Fa that's really the
key it we in order to do that we we set
up
basically two key beliefs which is all
we do is betting as long as we're right
52% of the time we're going to win so
make a lot of bets very quickly and the
second is make it really cheap and easy
to correct or when you're whenever
you're wrong it's really easy to recover
from and just do the next thing so it's
it really everything around ramp is is
geared around velocity of our ability to
just make changes to our product
instantly every day multiple times a day
uh and when we see something in the
market that works that someone got right
we have the muscle to just like
literally go do it and two weeks later
we have something that kind of works or
doesn't work at all but then two weeks
later it starts to
work CL is very similar actually uh
spoke with uh your CTO a little while
ago about this uh you know focus on
velocity and shots on goal you want to
get as many things out there as possible
get early user feedback know that you
can continue to uh uh improve it and
over time uh but until you hear what the
customers have to say in a lot of cases
you're just guessing uh what the
reaction is going to be
and especially now that uh and I think
that veloc is only going to increase
with tools like co- pilot and all the
developer tools that are being AI
enabled today the alternative to what
you're describing is what I see happen
by default at a lot of companies or most
companies which is as people progress in
their careers they want to start making
only good guesses only the right guess I
want to be right most of the time I want
to be right all of the time and then
what that creates is it just takes you
six months to have some confidence or
more confidence than a guess but you
might still be wrong at the end of it so
it's this like self-fulfilling prophecy
of if you're not just fearless and wrong
all the time you're going to still be
wrong is just going to be super slow and
probably someone's going to take your
job so it's yeah you also say about
specifically about AI features and so I
think that's actually from a product
perspective I think that's a mistake I
think yes marketing can slap AI on any
of our stuff
and hopefully get more attention and
right ways but from a product
perspective the product teams Focus I
Inc
what customer problem are we solving uh
and AI happens to be a great tool in our
tool chest the these days that it wasn't
there a few years ago we should use that
as much as possible uh to help solve
those customer problems uh uh faster
more efficiently better uh but not
necessarily think about it is how can I
sh AI features faster how can I solve
customer problems
faster I think we similarly want to move
fast but at the same time I do think
quality is very important right like
figma for instance is a tool you use on
a daily basis if we start shipping AI
features that don't lead your Quality
Bar very frustrating experience so what
I do like about what we do is is that we
have this plug-in ecosystem right so
even if sometimes we take our time to
really get a feature right we can
encourage our plug-in creators to fill
in the gaps right so we have I something
like 200 AI figma plugins right now and
I of course myself used to make them so
I'm I'm sure G up might have something
similar with there like extension
ecosystem that could be a powerful way
to strike the balance of um delivering
quality features while also keeping at
speed and giving your users like AI
value in day
one so a lot of us here are building out
applied AI teams in our companies um you
all have done that very successfully
what's the recipe for a great internal
applied AI team who should be on this
team what should be the makeup of this
team who's fit to lead this team I'll
start this one there maybe and what I
would say is there's two components in
my opinion creating an AI product one of
them is the applied science component
and look there's not that many PhD
people out there in the world the
universities do a very good job of
constraining that uh inflow so you
definitely need phcs in my opinion in
many of these fields they're really
involved overall but one of the cool
things is like having these llms like
open I is innovating you get anthropic
innovating you get Mistral Innova so you
don't need access they actually
democratize a little bit getting having
to invest in very deep applied science
and very deep in mlops in my opinion so
that's one of the
benefits I think you do need an apply
science team you need them to actually
have a significant amount of
understanding to how llms and neural
networks sometimes work you need people
that are very good in data
and can act create this evaluation suite
and all of those items but you also need
and you started to see this more AI
Engineers which is you take a developer
today and now they have to inject
intelligence into an
application in all of our applications
now have intelligence which means that
we need to then move where the
traditional developer is and then allow
them to innovate on top of this
technology overall and interact with a
bigger ecosystem that they were not used
to before so for me the right thing is
not to say you need a bunch of apply
science I think you also need to grow
the company to be AI Engineers plus
apply science and that's what at the end
might create the right product overall
instead of just investing in the Deep
Tech so for example what is the co-pilot
team makeup look like we probably don't
talk too much out there about that um
it's not like a super secret sauce but
it's interesting what I would say is we
try to not centralize it there shouldn't
be just one copilot team there's a
copilot intelligence platform team and
that's true but I would say the repos
team is a copilot team the pr team is a
co-pilot team the issues team is a
copilot team so the people that we have
in vs code and IDE they're in the
co-pilot teams so I think that's the way
that I want that I would phrase it both
internal and externally and so all the
compan is center now on that co-pilot
and when can you talk about building AI
engineering as a skill across the entire
organization is there like a reskilling
program happening internally are you
hiring for that how does that happen so
for us it's like uh we look at like
enthusiasm a lot right so like we have
some dedicated ml Engineers who like
have been doing ml for a long time but a
lot of us are just like Engineers from
all over the company who are so excited
about AI um and that then came into like
our orac buil these features so we we
have some I guess reskilling programs or
whatever we have
some sometimes we have a certain days
where whatever research will share out
research and there will be some
education but what we'll see is a lot of
these people res skill automatically
because they're so passionate about Ai
and they're just constantly building
side projects in their own time that we
don't even need to do the resk
reskilling these people just are
bursting out of the seams of ideas and
they're like toying around with co-pilot
and all these other Tools in their free
time and we just need to give them a
place to shine and yeah that's a lot of
our AI Engineers to be honest so what's
the makeup of AI at figma as a team is
it yeah we have a mix where I think
we're also starting to realize that okay
we do need like a yeah fundamental team
of ml engineers and like people who
really can um build our build custom
models but then yeah we do have a lot of
a yeah a lot of AI product Engineers
like myself we yeah we have designers
who are like specifically focused on AI
and then yeah what I haven't heard a lot
about is research which we think is
crucially important so we have a lot of
researchers who will basically focus
on yeah doing a lot of research with
like our experimental AI prototypes both
insight and outside the company so we
can get a PS of how are customers
responding and what is the quality
actually like so it's truly it very like
multi-is disciplinary efforts at
figma I think one of the key things to
remember at least for us is AI can be
customer facing but in our at least in
my experience it's been mostly internal
facing that's where the biggest
transformation has come so we know what
we need we have this many support
Specialists we have this many customers
how do we make each person more
effective how do we build AI tooling for
them everything so our underwriting
models our support system our operation
system so we've actually just have spent
most of the things that actually hit
production that are more experimental
are internal to transform the way that
we operate so I think what we do is we
have an applied AI team who are just
constantly all day like plugged in to
whatever is happening on AI they know
about it like the day before it goes out
and they are basically the the
inspiration for everyone else in the
company to
say this part of my job really sucks I
would like it to go away and then they
can say oh try this model and then we
give that person the tools to actually
just go do it just figure it out and
then they try so we really look for
people who are Builders who are curious
and are going to figure it out on their
own and whenever they get stuck they're
going to raise their hand and say hey I
need I need
help we obviously have parts of the
product that can't break we move
billions of
dollars cannot mess with that on
experiment there but we also have
product that it's fine if it breaks we
fix it right there so it's really a
balance of what can you break what can't
you break and if it's really risky to
make a decision you have to think about
it more you have to get the experts the
people who actually know really what
they're doing but everyone else they're
going to get pretty far on their own if
you just give them the space and just
tell them to go do the thing a lot of
times you just have to tell people like
hey you can do something about
this I've talked mainly about workers Ai
and then uh how we give everyone else
the ability to deploy work AI enabl
applications the CL we actually think
about it in three different ways
internally one is a operational AI uh
what tools are we providing to our our
our employees they can do their jobs
more efficiently they can uh build
better processes uh deliver more value
to themselves and to the customer
uh from an internal
perspective then and recently we
actually created an operational AI team
that other teams can kind of like a
McKenzie Consulting Group inside for
people wanting to go solve those
problems like this this just takes me
too long to do this every day how can
you make it quicker and faster and using
a team that has some best practices to
help but teach that team how to build
those applications um and then our
product teams for the the products that
we actually shipped to our customers
we've been using AI ml for years every
single request that goes through US goes
through a security model that decides is
a request good or bad and there's that
that
AI profic proficiency is built into
every team from our security products to
the products that show our
analytics and then obviously the third
one is one we talked about which is
offering it as a developer tool for
everyone else I have one last question
which is imagine your products 5 years
from now what do you think it will look
like is it the same product with AI
features or do you think it's radically
transformed with
AI what I would say is it looks more AI
native U one of the beauties of what
we're living through right now is that
these llms can actually understand
natural language in a way that none of
the other tools before could so I think
if we really lean in into that and go
and extract the maximum value of natural
language is something that is innate to
us as human then the product looks
completely different so and you can hold
me to that five years from now giop
continues to look the same way as it is
today I shall you
all for us we actually measure
engagement time and we want that to go
down so hopefully 5 years from now
nobody's using ramp it's just works and
it's just doing everything in the
background so that's where I think
separating that that experience from the
people actually use it to do their job
and the people who have to do their jobs
are like instead of it so we want to
make it go away for all of us and then
have Finance teams that have a thousand
accountants a thousand AP CLS a thousand
like per person that that would be truly
the magic
there yeah I kind of somewhere I I hope
AI kind of disappears as a thing that we
talk
about uh in the Forefront go back back
to the business value that we're we're
creating and I think in in five years I
think the models are going to be
exponentially better um hopefully
there's something Beyond LMS uh that are
more efficient and uh can better reason
and uh can really just I can't even
imagine what they'll be able to
do as far as enabling us to just do our
jobs and live our lives
better yeah 5 years from now nobody of
course knows but I do think some level
of role collapse is going to happen
which is super exciting so designers
will be able to create software
Engineers will be able to create designs
and all these roles are going to start
blending together more but I think what
we believe at figma is that regardless
of what happens there some fundamental
some troops are fundamental and that
this AI design tool of the future will
probably be visual you probably still
want to collaborate with your co-workers
and we yeah we believe that regardless
of what happens yeah we can invest in
those principles and be all right and
yeah create something nice we're at time
you all this has been amazing thank you
so much and thank all you